## Module 6 - Python API Challenge   

## Part 1: WeatherPy  
In this deliverable, you'll create a Python script to visualise the weather of over 500 cities of varying distances from the equator. You'll use the
citipy Python library (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/citipy), the OpenWeatherMap API (https://openweathermap.org/api).  

## Requirement 1: Create Plots to Showcase the Relationship Between Weather Variables and Latitude
To fulfill the first requirement, you'll use the OpenWeatherMap API to retrieve weather data from the cities listgenerated in the starter code. Next, you'll create a series of scatter plots to showcase the following relationships:  
Latitude vs. Temperature  
Latitude vs. Humidity  
Latitude vs. Cloudiness  
Latitude vs. Wind Speed  

## Requirement 2: Compute Linear Regression for Each Relationship
To fulfill the second requirement, compute the linear regression for each relationship. Separate the plots intoNorthern Hemisphere (greater than or equal to 0 degrees latitude) and Southern Hemisphere (less than 0 degreeslatitude). You may find it helpful to define a function in order to create the linear regression plots. Next, create a series of scatter plots. Be sure to include the linear regression line, the model's formula, and the r values.

You should create the following plots:  
Northern Hemisphere: Temperature (C) vs. Latitude  
Southern Hemisphere: Temperature (C) vs. Latitude  
Northern Hemisphere: Humidity (%) vs. Latitude  
Southern Hemisphere: Humidity (%) vs. Latitude  
Northern Hemisphere: Cloudiness (%) vs. Latitude  
Southern Hemisphere: Cloudiness (%) vs. Latitude  
Northern Hemisphere: Wind Speed (m/s) vs. Latitude  
Southern Hemisphere: Wind Speed (m/s) vs. Latitude  
After each pair of plots, explain what the linear regression is modelling. Describe any relationships that you noticeand any other findings you may uncover.  

## Part 2: VacationPy
In this deliverable, you'll use your weather data skills to plan future vacations. Also, you'll use Jupyter notebooks,the geoViews Python library, and the Geoapify API.
The code needed to import the required libraries and load the CSV file with the weather and coordinates data foreach city created in Part 1 is provided to help you get started.
Your main tasks will be to use the Geoapify API and the geoViews Python library and employ your Python skills to create map visualisations.  

1. Create a map that displays a point for every city. The size of the point should be the humidity in each city.  
2. Narrow down the city_data_df DataFrame to find your ideal weather condition.  
   For example: A max temperature lower than 27 degrees but higher than 21  
                Wind speed less than 4.5 m/s  
                Zero cloudiness  
3. Create a new DataFrame called hotel_df to store the city, country, coordinates, and humidity.  
4. For each city, use the Geoapify API to fi nd the fi rst hotel located within 10,000 metres of your coordinates.  
5. Add the hotel name and the country as additional information in the hover message for each city.


## Files and folders in python-api-challenge repository

/output_data
This folder contains the output cities.csv of WeatherPy.ipynb and the scatterplots generated by the code file.

WeatherPy.ipynb
This file gets weather data of multiple cities using weather api. The data is then exported to cities.csv and stored under output_data folder. 
This code also generates various charts to analyse the weather of the selected cities.

VacationPy.ipynb
This code generated a map of all cities. 
